Escape the Snake — offline leaderboard and automatic high-score upload

Source: snakeesc/snakeesc.github.io, main commit
023b9b58b658c31812e763c62e84d67aa75f214d (checked October 9, 2026).

INSTALL
This ZIP is an update patch for the existing repository, not a complete APK.
Copy index.html and game-js/ into the repository, replacing matching files.
Build and copy the web assets into Android:

  npm run build:www
  npx cap sync android

Then build/sign the Android app normally in Android Studio and install the updated
APK or distribute the updated AAB. Preserve the existing app ID and signing key
so this installs as an update and retains players' local data.
No new plugin, package dependency, or Cloudflare Worker deployment is required.

BEHAVIOR
- The existing Capacitor project bundles the game and assets for offline play.
- The menu now opens before leaderboard network requests finish.
- Successful leaderboard downloads persist on the device, including your own
  server entry. Offline viewing uses the latest successful download and its date.
- If no leaderboard has ever been downloaded by this version, the menu asks the
  player to connect once. It does not invent rankings for an offline score.
- Score submissions are saved before contacting the server. While disconnected,
  the best pending score is kept with its own survival time and run stats.
  A lower later score cannot overwrite it. A longer time wins equal-score ties.
- The pending best survives closing and reopening the app.
- Upload retries occur on startup, connection return, foreground/resume, and
  every 30 seconds while the app is visible and a score is pending.
- Uploads are serialized. A new best recorded during an upload remains pending
  until it is confirmed too. Failed, timed-out or malformed responses do not
  clear the pending score. The server must acknowledge that score or better.
- The previously saved personal best is also recovered automatically at startup
  if it is better than the cached server record.
- Rankings and pending uploads are separate for Android/web and player identity.
- Status text explains when rankings are cached and when a score awaits upload.
- A rejected player-tag rename cannot discard the pending score: a later retry
  submits the score without the rejected tag. Other non-retryable server errors
  preserve the record locally and display a rejection status.
- Retries happen while the app is open or when it next resumes. This is not an
  Android background service that runs after the app is closed.

SCOPE
This patch concerns leaderboard rankings and personal-best uploads. It does not
queue every historical run for the separate recent-runs feed. Game balance,
sprite artwork and the rejected icon previews are not part of this update.

VALIDATION
Run: node tests/offline-leaderboard.cjs
11 automated behavior tests passed: cached cold start, empty-cache messaging,
best-score preservation and tie times, saving before POST, lifecycle retries,
concurrent best-score arrival, server/JSON/timeout failures, cache retention,
tag conflicts, platform/player separation, and unavailable/corrupt storage.
JavaScript syntax and ZIP integrity checks passed.
Tests use the production leaderboard module with a simulated server and storage.
No scores were submitted to the live leaderboard during testing.
An Android APK was not built or device-tested here.

DEVICE CHECK
1. Open the rebuilt app online once and view the leaderboard.
2. Enable airplane mode, fully close/reopen the app, and view the saved board.
3. Finish a run offline, then close/reopen the app while still offline.
4. Restore internet and resume/open the app; verify its best score uploads and
   the pending notice clears. Reopen the board to inspect refreshed rankings.
